[SOAR-281] Delete O365 Emails With Slack (#75)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Delete_O365_Emails_with_Slack/help.md

# Description

> This workflow will delete emails matching given search criteria by sending a notification to InisghtConnect with Slack. It will look for any emails that match the body, subject, and from. It can either automatically delete these emails or prompt the user for further action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow will delete emails matching given search criteria by sending a notification to InsightConnect with Slack. It will look for any emails that match the 'body', 'subject', and 'from'. It can either automatically delete these emails or prompt the user for further action.
```

# Key Features

* Removes malicious emails using a slack message

# Requirements

The following connections will need to be setup: 

* [Microsoft Office365](https://insightconnect.help.rapid7.com/docs/office365)
* [Slack](https://insightconnect.help.rapid7.com/docs/configure-slack-for-chatops)

# Documentation

## Setup

Once the workflow has been downloaded, login to InsightConnect and “Import” it into the workflow builder. Once imported, you will initially be prompted to configure the connections for each of the plugins.

### Usage

This workflow uses the Chat Ops Slack connection to listen for key messages from the InsightConnect Rapid7 connection and will search for and delete emails when triggered.

> To trigger this workflow, send a direct message to Rapid7 InsightConnect from Slack like the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trigger this workflow, send a direct message to Rapid7 InsightConnect from Slack like the following:
```

`delete-email user@example.com subject="A phishy email"`

> This will kick off the workflow, and prompt you back when the search is completed. If any emails are found that match the criteria, you can hit the delete button in Slack to delete them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will kick off the workflow and prompt you when the search is completed. If any emails are found that match the criteria, you can choose the delete button in Slack to delete them.
```

> Search criteria can be body, subject, or from lines in the email. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search criteria can be 'body', 'subject', or 'from' lines in the email. For example:
```

`delete-email user@example.com subject="A phishy email" from="example.com" body="Click here for free stuff" `

> Any combination of body, subject, and from can be used. At least one search item must be given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any combination of 'body', 'subject', and 'from' can be used. At least one search item must be given.
```

# Description

> This workflow will delete emails matching given search criteria by sending a notification to InisghtConnect with Slack. The workflow will look for any emails that match the body, subject, for from contents given. It can either automatically delete these emails or prompt the user for further action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This workflow will delete emails matching given search criteria by sending a notification to InisghtConnect with Slack. It will look for any emails that match the body, subject, and from. It can either automatically delete these emails or prompt the user for further action.
```

# Key Features

> * Removes malicious emails using a slack message

Reviewer 3: Are we ending everything in the help with periods? I'm legit asking because I don't know.

Reviewer 2: We haven't been for the bulleted lists

# Requirements

API and account credentials for

> * Microsoft Office365

Reviewer 2: Would there be a good document to link for obtaining API/creds?

e.g. `* [Microsoft Office365](https://path/to/obtaining/creds)`

* Slack

# Documentation

## Setup

Once the workflow has been downloaded, login to InsightConnect and “Import” it into the workflow builder. Once imported, you will initially be prompted to configure the connections for each of the plugins.

### Usage

> (This artifact can be deleted)

Reviewer 2: This line shouldn't be here

This workflow uses the Chat Ops Slack connection to listen for key messages from the InsightConnect Rapid7 connection and will search for and delete emails when triggered.

To trigger this workflow, send a direct message to Rapid7 InsightConnect from Slack like the following.

`delete-email user@example.com subject="A phishy email"`

This will kick off the workflow, and prompt you back when the search is completed. If any emails are found that match the criteria, you can hit the delete button in Slack to delete them.

> #### Other options:

Reviewer 2: Non-standard header
